README.md, before:

# Think Block
Think Block is a lightweight and fun MineTest mod where players interact with a "thinking block" to receive random, quirky MineTest-related questions. It's perfect for sparking curiosity, pondering life's voxel mysteries, or simply passing time in your world.

## Features
- A special block called the Think Block.
- Right-clicking the block generates a random MineTest-related question.
- Encourages players to reflect and engage with MineTest concepts in a creative way.

## How to Use
1. Place a Thinking Block in your world.
2. Right-click the block to receive a random question.
3. Ponder, discuss with friends, or use the questions as conversation starters!

## Installation
1. Download the Mod Files:
    - Clone the repository or download the latest release as a ZIP file.
    - Extract the files to your MineTest mods/ directory.
        ```csharp
        mods/
        └── think_block/
            ├── init.lua
            ├── mod.conf
            └── textures/
                └── think_block.png
        ```
2. Enable the Mod:
    - Open MineTest and navigate to the world selection menu.
    - Select your world, click "Configure", and enable the Think Block mod.

3. Spawn the Thinking Block:
    - Open the chat and use the /giveme command to get the block:
        ```bash
        /giveme think_block:thinking_chair
        ```
    - Place the block in the world and start thinking!

## License
- Code: MIT License
- Textures: CC-BY-SA 4.0

## Credits
- Created by Binoman.
- Concept and initial code generation assisted by ChatGPT.

Commit message:

Add instructions of how to get the Think Block

README.md, after:

# Think Block
Think Block is a lightweight and fun MineTest mod where players interact with a "thinking block" to receive random, quirky MineTest-related questions. It's perfect for sparking curiosity, pondering life's voxel mysteries, or simply passing time in your world.

## Features
- A special block called the Think Block.
- Right-clicking the block generates a random MineTest-related question.
- Encourages players to reflect and engage with MineTest concepts in a creative way.

## Get a Think Block
### Get "give" privilege
#### In a server world
Contact your server admin or maintainer to grant you the "give" privilege or give you the block directly.
#### In single player world on self hosted server
1. Open the command window by pressing "/".
2. Type "/grantme give" and press enter/return
#### Get the Think Block
1. If not already open. Open the command window by pressing "/".
2. Type "giveme think_block:block" and press enter/return.
A Think Block should appear in your inventory.

## How to Use
1. Place a Thinking Block in your world.
2. Right-click the block to receive a random question.
3. Ponder, discuss with friends, or use the questions as conversation starters!

## Installation
1. Download the Mod Files:
    - Clone the repository or download the latest release as a ZIP file.
    - Extract the files to your MineTest mods/ directory.
        ```csharp
        mods/
        └── think_block/
            ├── init.lua
            ├── mod.conf
            └── textures/
                └── think_block.png
        ```
2. Enable the Mod:
    - Open MineTest and navigate to the world selection menu.
    - Select your world, click "Configure", and enable the Think Block mod.

3. Spawn the Thinking Block:
    - Open the chat and use the /giveme command to get the block:
        ```bash
        /giveme think_block:thinking_chair
        ```
    - Place the block in the world and start thinking!

## License
- Code: MIT License
- Textures: CC-BY-SA 4.0

## Credits
- Created by Binoman.
- Concept and initial code generation assisted by ChatGPT.
